Add spotify api info (#30483)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/spotify.markdown

  ![Creating a Spotify Application](/images/integrations/spotify/create-spotify-application.png)

5. Select Web API.

6. Check the box to agree with the requirements and click the **Save** button
   to confirm the application creation.

> 7. Spotify will now show the new application you have just created. Click on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Spotify will now show the new application you have just created. Select
```
